hey guys Kimberly I'm just going to do a
first impression on this horse no more
primer by dr. Brandt and I got this in a
hunk of birch box moving it see all
listed below but I got a little sample
size of this and I've heard a lot of
good things about it so I was excited to
get this primer and try it out
so if you guys want to see my first
impression and thoughts on thank dr.
Brandt pores no more primer please keep
watching all right guys I'm going to
just start off by priming my face with
this dr. Brandt pores no more pore or
refiner I think that's what it's called
yeah and this is just gonna be kind of
my first impression of this so I'm just
going to put this on like I would any
other primer so I'm going to take this
little piece off of it okay so I can see
that it is a tinted um primer I don't
really know how much she is I'll just
use a little of C so it is a tinted
primer so I'm just going to hey Boston
man a second all helps you I'm just
gonna put this where my bigger pores are
this smells kind of like medicated and
I'm gonna just rub that in hang on man
don't touch I'm just going to sorry guys
rub this into where my pores are which
my bigger pores are okay so around my
nose and kind of in this area here all
right so I can tell just by putting it
on right now that it has kind of
minimized the look up my pores that are
having to put anything on except for
just some moisturizer and then this and
so far so good it looks pretty good I'm
kinda liking it so I'm going to just
quickly apply some foundation over this
and just see kind of how
Foundation applies over it and things
like that so how fast for would you
through this but I am going to use the
double we're but a stale otter and I am
in to c3 fresco which I feel likes a
little bit dark but that's what they
mesh me and it would be good for summer
if nothing else so I am just going to
put this on with a Beauty Blender engine
just come back and let you know what I
think about how it applies our how
foundation applies over
all right so I just put my foundation on
over that primer and it went on just
fine um and although this is a tinted
primer I didn't feel like it you know I
gave any kind of extra coverage like
color wise so I don't think it's like
you know you have to it's not gonna
match your shade or anything like that
but I do feel like it reduced the look
of my pores
um not drastically not like I can't see
them anymore but they aren't they do
look smaller so I'm gonna go ahead and
finish up my makeup and I will be back
to give you my final thoughts on this
pore filler all right guys so my final
thoughts on this of course and know more
by dr. Brandt um as far as primers go um
it did make my it's a pore refiner so I
feel like it did make my pores look
smaller it did kind of fill them in but
it did not make them disappear so it's
not like a miracle primer by any means
but it does make them appear smaller so
I like that um I will put its a
mattifying primer to which I'm excited
about so I will probably either check it
and a few hours or I'll put it down
below like how it wore through the day
because I usually have to touch up with
powder several times a day or just run
off how to brush over my face so my
babies are laughing down here um so
anyways I will fill you guys in on what
I think as far as it being like a
mattifying primer but I did like and
then it's a
it did go on easily my foundation of not
easily over it so overall I think it's a
good proper at this point I don't think
it's a mirror little primer but I do
think it's a good primer so that's my
thoughts on this I hope it was helpful I
probably will use this a few more times
before I decide if I want to purchase
the full size or not but so far so good
I like it not a miracle that I like it
so I hope this was helpful I hope you
guys enjoyed my first impression on the
force No More by dr. Brandt and yeah
I'll see you guys on my next video you
guys later bye